## 1. Is JSX mandatory for React ?

- JSX is `not mandatory` for React.

- JSX is just `syntactic sugar` over React.createElement().

- The browsers doesn't understand JSX, so it's converted to a series of React.createElement() using packages likes '`babel`'.

- This transformation happens during `build time` and `NOT runtime`. So there is no peformance overhead at runtime.

- JSX is prefered over writing React.createElement() bcz JSX is more `readable`, `easier to visualize`, which leads to less errors and easier debugging.

## 2. Is ES6 mandatory for React ?

- It's ES6 is `not mandatory` for React. But it's highly `recommended` to use ES6 features.

- React itself doesn't require ES6 features to function.

- But there are many advantages of using ES6 in react :

  - `clener syntax` (arrow fn, string literals)
  - `destructuring` for props, states.
  - `modules` for better code organisation(import/export).
  - `let/const`: block scope variable declaration.
  - `spread` operator : for easier state updates.

- Also tools like 'babel' transpiles the modern JS code (ES6+) into older versions that is compatible with older browsers. So developers can write modern code without worrying about browser support.

- Also most of the docs uses ES6+ syntax so it'd be easier to follow up with them.

## 3. `{Component} vs {<Component />} vs {<Component></Component>}`

- 1st is : you're just writing the functional Component name which return some JSX. But we're not calling it so it won't return JSX. It'll lead to an `error`.

- 2nd && 3rd: we're using a Component i.e when rendering happens, these components will be called -> they'll return JSX -> React.createElement() -> JS object -> rendered as HTML.

  - It's not requried to use {} for using components.

## 4. Comments in JSX

```javascript
const JSX = (
  <div>
    <h1>Content</h1>
    {/* using comments in JSX 
            which can even be mulitline */}
  </div>
);
```

## 5. Keys in React

- Keys in react are important for performance optimization and maintaining component state.

- It's recommened that 'in a list of components, each component should have a unique key prop".

  1. `Efficient Updates: ` key prop helps React to identify which item in a list have changed, updated, removed. This helps react to update only the necessary component instead of re-rendering the entire list.

  2. `Preserve Component State: ` Keys ensures that the component state is preverved across re-renders when the list's order changes.

  3. `Reconciliation: `Keys aid in React's reconciliation process, which is how React updates the DOM efficiently.

- keys are used when multiple instances of the same component as siblings.

## 6. Can we use array indices are keys ?

- we can use, but it's not recommended bcz in case the list order changes.
- It's okay to use them in static lists, where the order of components will be static in the list.

1. `Performance issues`: If the list order changes (due to sorting, new items, or removals), React may unnecessarily re-render components.

2. `State bugs`: It can cause state-related issues with stateful child components, as the state may not update correctly when items are reordered.

3. `Reconciliation problems`: It can lead to incorrect component reconciliation, potentially causing UI inconsistencies.

## 7. What is `<React.Fragment></React.Fragment>` && `<></>` ?

- React.Fragment is used to group a list of elements without using extra root/div/node i.e without using a parent element.

```javascript

import {Fragment} form "react";

const Component = () => {
  {
    /* PROBLEM:

    - From this Component we only wanted to render an <h1> and a <p>.

    - But due to 'React's limitation': can only return a single element from a functinal component.

    - We have to wrap them up in a <div> and then return it.

    - <div> will also be rendered in the UI. */
  }
  return (
    <div>
      <h1> Title </h1>
      <p>Content </p>
    </div>
  );
};

const Solution = () => {
  {
    /* SOLUTION:

    - Insted of the <div> we can use <React.Fragment> which'll wrap them up, But also unlike the <div> wont' take space in UI. */
  }

  return (
    <React.Fragment> {/*or <Fragment>*/}
      <h1>Heading</h1>
      <p>Content</p>
    </React.Fragment> {/* or </Fragment>*/}
  );
};

// similary instaed of <React.Fragment> we can use <Fragment> OR <></>
// Fragment has to be imported.
// BUT <></> doesn't work in some browsers.

const Solution2 = () => {
    return (
        <>
            <h1>Heading</h1>
            <p>Content</p>
        </>
    )
}

```
